LicenseID: LicenseRef-smail-1
LicenseName: smail
ExtractedText: <text>
savelog may be redistributed under the following terms: (The rest ofthis file consists of savelog‘s distribution terms.)#ident„@(#)smail:RELEASE-3_2:COPYING,v 1.2 1996/06/14 18:59:10 woods Exp“     SMAIL GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE       (Clarified 11 Feb 1988) Copyright (C)  1988 Landon Curt Noll & Ronald S. Karr
 Copyright (C)  1992 Ronald S. Karr Copyleft (GNU) 1988 Landon Curt Noll & Ronald S. Karr Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license, but changing it is not allowed.  You can also use this wording to make the terms for other programs.  The license agreements of most software companies keep you at themercy of those companies.  By contrast, our general public license isintended to give everyone the right to share SMAIL.  To make sure thatyou get the rights we want you to have, we need to make restrictionsthat forbid anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrenderthe rights.  Hence this license agreement.  Specifically, we want to make sure that you have the right to giveaway copies of SMAIL, that you receive source code or else can get itif you want it, that you can change SMAIL or use pieces of it in newfree programs, and that you know you can do these things.  To make sure that everyone has such rights, we have to forbid you todeprive anyone else of these rights.  For example, if you distributecopies of SMAIL, you must give the recipients all the rights that youhave.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get thesource code.  And you must tell them their rights.  Also, for our own protection, we must make certain that everyonefinds out that there is no warranty for SMAIL.  If SMAIL is modified bysomeone else and passed on, we want its recipients to know that whatthey have is not what we distributed, so that any problems introducedby others will not reflect on our reputation.  Therefore we (Landon Curt Noll and Ronald S. Karr) make the following terms which say what you must do to be allowed to distribute or change SMAIL.COPYING POLICIES  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of SMAIL source codeas you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously andappropriately publish on each copy a valid copyright notice „Copyright(C) 1988 Landon Curt Noll & Ronald S. Karr“ (or with whatever year isappropriate); keep intact the notices on all files that refer to thisLicense Agreement and to the absence of any warranty; and give anyother recipients of the SMAIL program a copy of this LicenseAgreement along with the program.  You may charge a distribution feefor the physical act of transferring a copy.  2. You may modify your copy or copies of SMAIL or any portion of it,and copy and distribute such modifications under the terms ofParagraph 1 above, provided that you also do the following:    a) cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating    that you changed the files and the date of any change; and
SMA Solar Technology AGdebianutilsTechnical InformationIVM-OpenSource-TI-en-1061    b) cause the whole of any work that you distribute or publish,    that in whole or in part contains or is a derivative of SMAIL or    any part thereof, to be licensed at no charge to all third    parties on terms identical to those contained in this License    Agreement (except that you may choose to grant more extensive    warranty protection to some or all third parties, at your option).    c) You may charge a distribution fee for the physical act of    transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty    protection in exchange for a fee.Mere aggregation of another unrelated program with this program (or itsderivative) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bringthe other program under the scope of these terms.  3. You may copy and distribute SMAIL (or a portion or derivative of it,under Paragraph 2) in object code or executable form under the terms ofParagraphs 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:    a) accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable    source code, which must be distributed under the terms of    Paragraphs 1 and 2 above; or,    b) accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three    years, to give any third party free (except for a nominal    shipping charge) a complete machine-readable copy of the    corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of    Paragraphs 1 and 2 above; or,    c) accompany it with the information you received as to where the    corresponding source code may be obtained.  (This alternative is    allowed only for non-commercial distribution and only if you    received the program in object code or executable form alone.)For an executable file, complete source code means all the source code forall modules it contains; but, as a special exception, it need not includesource code for modules which are standard libraries that accompany theoperating system on which the executable file runs.  4. You may not copy, sublicense, distribute or transfer SMAILexcept as expressly provided under this License Agreement.  Any attemptotherwise to copy, sublicense, distribute or transfer SMAIL is void andyour rights to use the program under this License agreement shall beautomatically terminated.  However, parties who have received computersoftware programs from you with this License Agreement will not havetheir licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.  5. If you wish to incorporate parts of SMAIL into other freeprograms whose distribution conditions are different, write to LandonCurt Noll & Ronald S. Karr via the Free Software Foundation at 51Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.  We have not yetworked out a simple rule that can be stated here, but we will oftenpermit this.  We will be guided by the two goals of preserving thefree status of all derivatives of our free software and of promotingthe sharing and reuse of software.
</text>